TITLE (<= 50 characters)
# summarize using imperative voice, 50 chars or less
#

BODY (<= 72 characters hard-wrapped)
# Explain why this change is necessary. Tell your reader what to expect.
# A reviewer can then easily identify and point out unrelated changes.
#
# Explain how this change addresses the issue or change request. Describe,
# at a high level, what was done to affect change. E.g., use a resource
# pool to reduce memory demands for a long-lived process. If the change is
# obvious, you may omit the body.
#
# Wrap each body line to 72 characters or less. Treat the first line as
# the subject of an email and the rest of the text as the body. The blank
# line separating the summary from the body is critical (unless you omit
# the body entirely); tools like rebase can get confused if you run the
# first line together with a following line.
#
# Write your commit message in the imperative. e.g., "fix bug" and not
# past tense "fixed bug" or "fixes bug." This convention matches with
# commit messages generated by commands like git merge and git revert.
#
# Further paragraphs come after blank lines.
#
# - Bullet points are okay, too. One or two bullet points for related
#   changes may be okay, but five or six are likely indicators of a commit
#   that is doing too many things.
#
# - Typically a hyphen or asterisk is used for the bullet, followed by a
#   single space, with blank lines in between.
#
# - Use a hanging indent.

INTEGRATION SUPPORT (check your project management system)
# Finally, include an integration link to the issue/story/card. Each
# issue/story/card system has preferred integration style. Using Pivotal
# Tracker as an example, Add the Tracker story id with a preceding hash
# symbol within square brackets at the end of your commit message:
#
# [Fixes #123123]
